- [Instructor] To package our application within a container
that runs on Docker,
we'll first need to create a Docker file.
A Docker file contains all of the commands necessary
to assemble the container image
that we'll package our Java application into.
Within Eclipse, we can begin to create the file
by right clicking on our project, going to new,
and then coming down here to file.
Within this dialog, we'll just type the name Docker file.
Make sure that the F is lowercase.
Once you have the name in place,
then just go ahead and hit finish
and the Docker file will get added to our project.
All right, now we can add some commands
into the Docker file.
The first line in a Docker file indicates the base image
that we'll be creating our image from.
To specify the base image, just type the instruction from,
and then provide the tag of an image
that we would like to base our new image on.
So here I'm going to use an open JDK version 11 image.
It's going to contain a JDK that we can use
to run our application inside the container.
Next we'll set the work directory.
It's going to cause all of the instructions after this point
to be executed within the directory that we specify.
Here it's going to be the app directory inside the root
of the containers file system.
After that, we're going to add an argument named JAR_FILE
to the container.
This is a variable that we can provide the value of
when we execute our Docker build command.
This helps to make our container image more flexible
and we'll be able to reuse this Docker file
for all of the services in our application.
We're going to use this argument to copy our JAR_FILE
into the container.
So we'll use the copy instruction
and then we'll point to the jar file argument
and then we'll copy that jar file
that's provided to the Docker build into the app.jar file
located within the container.
So this is going to be our executable jar.
Then we're going to expose port 8080 on the container.
So this is where the container will listen for TCP traffic.
And you'll remember that our apps are set up
to be bound to port 8080.
So all the traffic will be forwarded into the app.
Finally, we'll add an entry point.
This specifies the command that will be run
when the container starts up.
We just need to place each segment of the command
within square brackets.
The command we'll use for our entry point is going
to launch the application with Java.
So first I'll type Java, then I'll put a comma
and then the next segment of the command, which is -jar
and then we just need to provide the path
to our application.
So it's located in the app directory.
And then the file we want to launch is app.jar.
Okay, that's everything we need for the Docker file,
which will be used to build our container image
that runs our microservices.